add hint onto TEE application deployment (#76)
iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation: src/get-started/quick-start.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description="Full-featured Next.js template with REOWN integration, TypeScript support, and seamless iExec connectivity."
```

    title="React Starter"

>     description="React application template with hooks, components, and utilities for seamless iExec integration."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description="React starter template with Pivy modal for seamless iExec wallet integration."
```

    icon="logos:react"
    status="available"
    statusLabel="Available"
    buttonLabel="Get Started"
    buttonIcon="mdi:github"
    buttonHref="https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-react-starter"
  />

<ProjectCard
    title="Vue.js Starter"

>     description="Vue 3 Composition API template with TypeScript and optimized build configuration for iExec apps."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description="Vue 3 Composition API template with TypeScript and REOWN integration for iExec apps."
```
